no sorry it is in the custody
minds 24 hours just before they
do not have a problem
here you want to sell you these 24
48 hours and if you have the misfortune
to be a black or an arab and upholland
that one hour you offer prices are
also my choice around I say
that because walla walla the law
French but too much would put the same day
no but I was laughing good it's yeah
I saw a road a road car crashed
by the way who's dead and that's the tool
competitiveness these machines very sick
he brings back the suspect has it in question from
suspect dead one night if he does not judge him
accused asked to save his have
pleaded guilty or not guilty
the machined dead man he died of
death
but that's true to come with my
country because I 'm nothing we won
the can by many me no but
frankly my heart patch me we are
content we like to conclude it as long as
you whites
the fluid and redheads going up and
me to go to the waters
no but seriously not serious me I you
said gervais here it is too good cg
had also but wait here it means
I keep in sight the bled forgotten in his
shows because when you keep in custody
kept himself at sight at the bled on
commissiariat his foal waiting for him
home what's going to keep in view
they are not the balls of your mouth
dude there cgap guard for life bed-we close
these prices do not know me no but serious in
anyway I tell you the bled is
a serious phew thing here always a
lawn
you marked prohibit of market that
walk and do the text to vonnas
no hormonal understood that no name
you read there is just a good cycle going
to say excuse me it's forbidden to
walk here excuse me no but it's
not these problems and sir you're not going
the wand said Sir I have not
saw she shows me the sign that was
obviously hide
massaged on the pitch and wins 5000 fans
French of the coup I had no
through five judges had removed ten
a thousand young people did not seem diminished
sir i am like that
you're not happy here's a title
will finally be good you go the market on the
lawn like that it's five blades
obviously it's what to walk because
I will have died if he does not refer to the most
you are hungry for more than 2000
it's no but serious will be an example
here is ttt by car here there is a
road check
also sir get there by the words
what do you like kwendi paper
refers to what allowed gray card
is on the limit insurance agreements
or full is not his place and not that
it wants I was at the bled I can
not consider what we were doing at
calm you method to the state or if I
stop at the level of papers
I feel then allowed to say to the
little hair and I will follow those of the
paper woven leave it's me I see
not too much time go sir because
that's when it's a bit shocking
but I see no way of spoke
at least ten thousand me I do not have
equipped with rods and children passes
admin in my family is pushing and not
but it's true that you have to say that
really really I see that there is
a lot of blandas if you want
go on ivory coast leave with
a lot of money
I am very much it is really a lot
because even at the airport you go
have trouble getting off the road
some new luggage throwing god
thank you that's nice name of the winner
good is the valentine's day